<h1> Gimbaled Camera </h1>

Gianluca Meneghello (mgl@mit.edu)

This code makes a plan for a gimbaled camera mounted on a vessel to take photos
of all nearby vessels with the minimum number of pictures possible. The
geographic location of all nearby vessels is known. The output is a vector of
camera angles that guarantees a photo of every vessel.

The code documentation can be found in html/index.html after running

make doc 

======================
<h2> To compile and run the code: </h2>

googletest needs to be available in <tt>/usr/local/include</tt> and
<tt>/usr/local/lib</tt> in order to compile the unittesting program.
Doxygen is used to produce the documentation. Installation instructions are provided below.  

All code can be compiled and run using make:

     make [all]       - compiles everything and run both unit tests and the main program.   
     make runmain     - compiles the main program and its dependencies, and runs the built sample test.  
     make rununittest - compiles the unittest program and its dependencies, and runs the built sample test.  
     make doc         - produces the documentation using Doxygen.  
     make clean       - removes all files generated by make.  
     make cleandoc    - removes all files generated by Doxygen.

The main program can also be run by calling 

./main < data.dat

where data.dat is a text file containing, on each line, the name, latitude and
longitude coordinates of each vessel. The first vessel is the one taking
pictures. The following lines are taken from test1.dat

     Rhinheart 37.760132 -122.3264815
     Neo       37.77308 -122.33451 
     Morpheus  37.77728 -122.34192 
     Trinity   37.75784 -122.31716 
     Smith     37.76822 -122.34187 
     Cypher    37.76002 -122.30260 
     SmithS    37.75913 -122.34187 

The resulting vector of camera angles is saved in output.txt for later use.
More information is printed to terminal, see exampleOutput.md for an
example and detailed description.

======================

<h2> Dependencies: </h2>
The the following must be installed on the system:

-- Doxygen, to produce the documentation (https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html)  
-- googletest, to perform the unit tests (https://github.com/google/googletest)  

Dependencies can be installed using brew on Mac OS X  
brew install doxygen  
brew install googletest  

or with a package manager using a Linux installation, e.g.  
sudo apt-get install googletest   
sudo apt-get install doxygen 

=======================


